today we're gonna be cooking the world
famous football cheating also known as
kung pao chicken the great thing about
gu marketing is the mild sweet and sour
taste as well as the unique spiciness
coming from the Sichuan peppercorns but
enough with the talking let's get
straight into it
step 1 ingredients chicken breasts
cucumber leeks peanuts garlic ginger
dried chilies citron peppercorns vinegar
sugar dark soy sauce cooking wine salt
starch and some cooking oil you can find
the exact amounts in the video
description below but feel free to
adjust the recipe and make it your own
by the way you should be able to find
all of these ingredients in any Chinese
grocery store along the world step 2
preparation take the chicken breasts and
dice it put it in the bowl with some
wine and starch mix it with your hands
and let it sit while you cut the
cucumber and leeks into chunks now crush
the garlic slice and cut the ginger into
fingernail-sized pieces next we prepare
the sauce by mixing sugar vinegar dark
soy sauce a little bit of cooking wine
salt and starch together in a small boat
step 3
cooking heat some oil in a wok add
citron peppercorns and quick fry so they
can release their aroma after 20 to 30
seconds remove them now at the pre
marinated chicken stir fry until it
turns white but is still raw inside move
it aside add chili ginger and garlic
stir-fry now add cucumber leeks peanuts
and stir fry again last but not least
you add the sauce remember to give it a
quick stir beforehand so the sugar and
starch won't be at the bottom of the
boat now stir-fry it one last time step
4 happiness of mouth congratulations
you've just cooked authentic gumbo GD
enjoy with a bowl of rice
I hope you liked this video if you have
any questions I'll be happy to answer
your comments down below of course feel
free to drop by my youtube channel
there's plenty of cool videos for you to
see and make sure to subscribe for more
la whaai cooking and other awesome
things thanks for watching and I'll see
you next time